Add sources of truth for customer information (#527)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/sales/records.md

# How to record emails, calls, and notes

The [source of truth for our communications with customers is HubSpot](../communication.md). 

> - All emails interacting with a customer must be logged to HubSpot (either by using the HubSpot Chrome extension to add a "Log" checkbox in Gmail, or by BCC'ing our HubSpot account's private ingestion email address (2762526@bcc.hubspot.com).

Author: ```suggestion
- All emails interacting with a customer must be logged to HubSpot (either by using the HubSpot Chrome extension to add a "Log" checkbox in Gmail, or by BCC'ing our HubSpot account's private ingestion email address (see the "HubSpot BCC email address" note in 1password).
```
